[data-export] Input focus on SOQL query field (#153)
tprouvot/Salesforce-Inspector-reloaded: CHANGES.md

- Update pop-up release note link to github pages
- Detect SObject on listview page [feature 121](https://github.com/tprouvot/Salesforce-Inspector-reloaded/issues/121) (idea by [Mehdi Cherfaoui](https://github.com/mehdisfdc))
- Automate test setup manual step of contact to multiple accounts [Aidan Majewski](https://github.com/aimaj)

> - In Data export, set input focus in SQOL query text area. [PR153](https://github.com/tprouvot/Salesforce-Inspector-reloaded/pull/153)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Data export, set input focus in SQOL query text area. [feature 183](https://github.com/tprouvot/Salesforce-Inspector-reloaded/issues/183) (contribution by [Sarath Addanki](https://github.com/asknet))
```
